Update config guide to include client context params usage (#3894)
boto/boto3: docs/source/guide/configuration.rst

With the addition of the ``proxies_config`` option shown here, the proxy will use the specified certificate file for authentication when using the HTTPS proxy.

Using client context parameters
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Some services have configuration settings that are specific to their clients. These settings are called client context parameters. Please refer to the ``Client Context Parameters`` section of a service's client homepage for a list of available parameters and information on how to use them.

.. _configure_client_context:

Configuring client context parameters
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''
You can configure client context parameters by passing a dictionary of key-value pairs to the ``client_context_params`` option. Invalid parameter values or parameters that are not modeled by the service will be ignored.

.. code-block:: python

    import boto3
    from botocore.config import Config

    my_config = Config(
        region_name='us-east-2',
        signature_version='v4',
        client_context_params={
            'my_great_context_param': 'foo'
        }
    )

    client = boto3.client('kinesis', config=my_config)

> If you require different settings per call, you will need to create a new client. Boto3 does not support differing configurations per call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Boto3 does not support setting ``client_context_params`` per request. Differing configurations will require creation of a new client.
```
